Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be going over solutions to the constructor functions.
Exercise is the first thing we need to do is create a constructor function for a person.
Each person should have a first name a last name favorite color and favorite number.
Let's declare a person function with capital P so that we can clearly tell that this is a constructor
function and let's pass in the parameters.
First Name Last Name.
Favorite color and favorite number.
Inside of this function will attach four properties onto the keyword this this so will say this dot
first name is assigned to the first name parameter and then we'll copy these three lines and replace
first name with last name favorite color and then favorite number.
Great.
Next we need to write a method called Multiply favorite number that takes in a number and returns the
product of that number and the person's favorite number.
So we'll add a method to the constructor function and say this stop multiply favorite number is assigned
to a function which accepts a number inside of here.
Will return that number multiplied by the favorite number property for that person which we can access
using this favorite number.
In our next example we need to refactor some code with two constructor functions that look exactly the
same inside of our child function.
We want to take out all of this code and invoke the parent function.
We can't just invoke the parent function on its own because we'll get the incorrect value of the keyword
this so will invoke the parent function using doc apply.
And as the first parameter to apply will pass in keyword this.
A little tricky.
The idea here is that the key word this refers to an object that will be created when the child function
is run using the new keyword.
So we need to make sure that we get the right value of the keyword this since we're using apply we can
simply pass in as the second parameter the arguments array like object.
If we we're using call we would have to pass in all of these arguments separated by a comma.
That's why apply is a little more convenient here and that's all for the functions exercise.
See you in the next video.